{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red24\green55\blue106;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Zoie Holzknecht <zoie.holzknecht@duke.edu>\
Subject: RE: Parker Lab sample key\
Date: April 8, 2016 at 4:15:28 PM EDT\
To: Josh Granek <joshua.granek@duke.edu>, "William Parker, Ph.D." <william.parker@duke.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Josh,
\f3\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2\fs30 \cf3 \strokec3 \'a0
\f3\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2\fs30 \cf3 \strokec3 Please see answers in red below.
\f3\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2\fs30 \cf3 \strokec3 \'a0
\f3\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2\fs30 \cf3 \strokec3 Thank you!
\f3\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2\fs30 \cf3 \strokec3 Zoie
\f3\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2\fs30 \cf3 \strokec3 \'a0
\f3\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs26 \cf4 From:
\b0  Josh Granek \uc0\u8232 
\b Sent:
\b0  Friday, April 08, 2016 3:43 PM\uc0\u8232 
\b To:
\b0  William Parker, Ph.D.; Zoie Holzknecht\uc0\u8232 
\b Subject:
\b0  Re: Parker Lab sample key
\f3\fs32 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \cb5 Thanks, me too!
\f3 \

\f2 \'a0
\f3 \

\f2 That you for the sample descriptions!\'a0 I am looking over the information now and have a few\'a0questions:
\f3 \

\f2 \'a0
\f3 \

\f2 1. For Experiments 2 and 3, do sample numbers correspond to animal numbers?\'a0 In other words, are SLU1 and SRU1 left and right lungs from the same animal?\cf3 \strokec3  \cf6 \strokec6 Yes, the number refers to the same animal, SLU1 and SRU1 are the left and right lung, respectively, from the same rat.
\f3 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2 \'a0
\f3 \

\f2 2. Is group 8 the same as group 6? The description sounds the same.\'a0\cf6 \strokec6 The description is the same and they were treated the same but they are actually different animals.\cf4 \strokec4  Also\'a0
\fs30 there are identical sample numbers used for group 8 and group 9 - I assume that is a mistake.\cf3 \strokec3  
\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Dang, I tried so hard not to do that and messed up anyway! Group 9 should be ASWLU1-12 for the Left lungs, 9a- (not WLU) and ASWRU1-12 for the Right lungs, 9b (not WRU). Thank you for noticing that!
\f3 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2 \'a0
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf4 Thanks for the clarification!\'a0 
\f3\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \'a0
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf4 \'a0\'a0\'a0 Best,
\f3\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \'a0
\f3 \

\f2 \'a0\'a0\'a0 Josh
\f3 \

\f2 \'a0
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri127\sl360\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa0\partightenfactor0

\b\fs30 \cf4 \cb5 From:
\b0  William Parker, Ph.D.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb5 Sent:
\b0  Thursday, April 7, 2016 11:32 AM\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb5 To:
\b0  Zoie Holzknecht\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb5 Cc:
\b0  Josh Granek\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb5 Subject:
\b0  Re: Parker Lab sample key
\fs32  
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \'a0
\f3 \

\f2 Josh, we are very excited to be working with you!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb5 William
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb5 On Apr 7, 2016, at 11:19 AM, Zoie Holzknecht <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:zoie.holzknecht@duke.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 zoie.holzknecht@duke.edu}}> wrote:
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf4 Josh, (cc to William)
\f3\fs32 \

\f2\fs30 \'a0
\f3\fs32 \

\f2\fs30 Thanks for meeting with Dr. Parker and I a few weeks ago about our upcoming data.
\f3\fs32 \

\f2\fs30 \'a0
\f3\fs32 \

\f2\fs30 We are still waiting for the data from Argonne, but here are 2 attachments, the key to the experimental design/groups and actual sample names (.docx) and also the key to the samples in the plates as they were submitted to Argonne (.xlsx). I\'92m not sure you need the second one, but it\'92s a good backup if there are any questions, or if we are missing any samples that I wasn\'92t aware of (since I did not ship them out myself).
\f3\fs32 \

\f2\fs30 \'a0
\f3\fs32 \

\f2\fs30 Please let me know if you have any questions or if there is anything else I need to do before we get the data files!
\f3\fs32 \

\f2\fs30 \'a0
\f3\fs32 \

\f2\fs30 Thanks,
\f3\fs32 \

\f2\fs30 Zoie
\f3\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 <Key to Samples for Josh.docx>
\f3 \

\f2 <Argonne DNA by plate.xlsx>
\f3 \
}